TELCODOCS-366 - RN for Hyperthreading-aware CPU manager policy (#39262)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-10-scale"]
=== Scale

[id="ocp-4-10-hyper-threading"]
==== Hyper-threading aware CPU manager policy (Technology Preview)

> Hyper-threading aware CPU manager policy in Openshift Container Platform is now enabled by default. Hyper-threads are abstracted by the hardware as logical processors. Hyper-threading allows a single physical processor to execute two heavyweight threads (processes) at the same time, dynamically sharing processor resources.

Reviewer: is not enabled by default, it is available by default without extra tuning needed. Up to the cluster admin(s) to enable it or not.

> 

Reviewer: seems correct. The u/s docs should hopefully explain the scope and the implications of this feature: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/#static-policy-options

The Node Feature Discovery (NFD) Topology Updater is a daemon responsible for examining allocated resources on a worker node. It accounts for resources that are available to be allocated to new pod on a per-zone basis, where a zone can be a Non-Uniform Memory Access (NUMA) node. See xref:../hardware_enablement/psap-node-feature-discovery-operator.adoc#using-the-nfd-topology-updater_node-feature-discovery-operator[Using the NFD Topology Updater] for more information.

> [id="ocp-4-10-hyper-threading"]

Reviewer 2: consider:
`[id="ocp-4-10-hyperthreading-aware-CPU-manager-policy"]`

==== Hyper-threading aware CPU manager policy (Technology Preview)

> Hyper-threading aware CPU manager policy in Openshift Container Platform is now available by default without the need for extra tuning. The cluster administrator can enable this feature if required. Hyper-threads are abstracted by the hardware as logical processors. Hyper-threading allows a single physical processor to execute two heavyweight threads (processes) at the same time, dynamically sharing processor resources.

Reviewer 2: * s/hyper-threading/hyperthreading
* Hyphen in "Hyperthreading-aware"
* You say the feature is "available by default." But also that the "administrator can enable this feature if required." Can both be true?
* The word "hyperthread" doesn't quite sit right with me. Is that the right term? It doesn't seem to be used much, even in the Intel docs. But I don't know much at all about this. Just pointing it out to consider.

Also: Does this TP feature belong in the Technology Features tracker table?

Author: Yes, there was an entry in the TP table, now renamed to "Hyperthreading-aware CPU manager policy".

Author: Bullet points 1 and 2 are addressed. 
On bullet point 4, I will revisit the term if we integrate the upstream docs in a future release. 
Google seems equally divided on the issue of the hyphen between hyper and thread. This should even out one way or another as the technology is adopted.

The Node Feature Discovery (NFD) Topology Updater is a daemon responsible for examining allocated resources on a worker node. It accounts for resources that are available to be allocated to new pod on a per-zone basis, where a zone can be a Non-Uniform Memory Access (NUMA) node. See xref:../hardware_enablement/psap-node-feature-discovery-operator.adoc#using-the-nfd-topology-updater_node-feature-discovery-operator[Using the NFD Topology Updater] for more information.

[id="ocp-4-10-hyperthreading-aware-CPU-manager-policy"]
==== Hyperthreading-aware CPU manager policy (Technology Preview)

> Hyperthreading-aware CPU manager policy in Openshift Container Platform is now available without the need for extra tuning. The cluster administrator can enable this feature if required. Hyperthreads are abstracted by the hardware as logical processors. Hyperthreading allows a single physical processor to execute two heavyweight threads (processes) at the same time, dynamically sharing processor resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hyperthreading-aware CPU manager policy in {product-title] is now available without the need for extra tuning. The cluster administrator can enable this feature if required. Hyperthreads are abstracted by the hardware as logical processors. Hyperthreading allows a single physical processor to execute two heavyweight threads (processes) at the same time, dynamically sharing processor resources.
```

Reviewer 2: Are there docs for this that you can link to? Didn't think to ask yesterday, but it would be helpful to add a link if there is documentation.

Author: I asked this of the team already, and was told not to link, as the content on the link is not supported by Red Hat.

|TP
|

> 

Reviewer 2: +1
